alright what's up guys this is team pra
here we're here with Evan and I is going
to be showing off his clients his new
invented plans okay this is like a
throwback to the original plant debt
it's not the synchro plants that uses
xyz's and stuff you start off with your
store which you can special summon and
gain its effect to note with it it also
can change its start love it so you can
use it as a tuner or XYZ material next
card that's very important in the deck
is copy plant it allows you to copy the
star level of any monster on the field
that's plant that you control so you can
hit like eight sixes anything in this
deck that you have of course dandelion
do la source and it creates tokens which
can be very important with another card
that will show you in s.carolina just n
lone flower box allows you to search for
any plant Type monster and your death
and special summoning it also has a lot
of abusive effects when your makes it
look like art like take a plan
30 in the step 3 okay because you know
two of them are going to get bottomless
to remove from what yep that's right
this will allow you to special someone
from the graveyard any plant-type
monster and one work with lung flower
blossom it is abuse okay okay and the
next big monster i'm going to show you
is Piquet leah gonna eat stick in it by
tributing any plant monster I control I
can stop targeting effects which is a
lot of cards now there's a prison
apparently targets yes yep there you go
that's true of course there's a bunch of
low-level my monsters that are useful
for searching and stuff like mystic
tomatoes three of those yes three of
these and the only targets I have other
than the other mystic tomatoes are Terry
on my toes we can try to start off
playing with settings either one of
these are one of these first turn
because it'll allow you to plus and deck
and of course to regular I'm a toes
because these can search for these as
well I'm contribute these to draw mmm
when the card is targeted interest on
ataka and finally Lord poison lord or is
it up when destroyed by battle it
special someones plant from your
graveyard nice so three of those bad
boys as we have a good connection and
now my spell lineup good three cret your
swaps three creature song says because
it works with Lord poison okay cherry
I'm 80 uh-huh and mystic tomato uh-huh
that's true and then this deck you're on
target arts in the day yeah
three mark of the Roses three mark of
the road hisses players off you can use
their pizzas materials yep and it's
really abusive right to super solar
nutrients by tributing the level to
which would be either carry on a token
dandylion token or copy plant yeah spore
you can special summon a number or a
level plus three or lower from your deck
equal to that which allows you to
special summon your lone flower blossom
and get into the graveyard very fast or
allows you to search for like copy
plants for anything pretty much that's
level 5 or lower so that's a really good
car why are you running the mentally at
two and I'm 33 they turned out to be a
big drug leading game okay that makes
sense yeah I main deck a burial from
different dimension because stuff gets
removed right you have to remove from
play a car a plan to use marker the Rose
things are just gonna get remove
regardless right a heavy storm 3 ms keys
3mm monster reborn okay and as your
basic trial line yep okay to get into
traps you're on your two bottles Tramp
holes mm-hmm 3com pulses three composes
um a solemn judgment in to call okay you
want to explain that call haunted a
little bit what are you already hoping
to target with that and call the haunted
you either hope the target alone for
awesome okay or a big a plant and then
use the secondary effect of Giga plan to
summon him again and special summon
another monster hmm like I caeliar dig a
plant or lone flower blossom all over
right so you're gonna plus oh I'm not
sure if I saw but there are you running
a dark hole in here are you not know I
know you want explain that a little bit
yeah that's all there at all because I
tape my opponents monsters way too much
and are out worried about anything they
throw it on the field okay I make sense
wow so that's really different actually
you don't see many dicks i doing that
that's really cool it's pretty
innovative so that so that's the that's
the whole dick say 40 cards oh yes okay
sweet um very cool you wanna talk about
the extra Dexter Jack you're gonna run
your basics levy air with copy plant
you're able to hit any star level
monster that you run in the deck so even
though that I run 18 in the deck which
is tight alia I'm still capable of
hitting hair kick some this copy is the
level i can hit very very easily okay um
miss twilla yeah yep I can hit scrap
dragon and photon bouncer which stops
effects right sock masters these two
cards of course rotana Pappy a stroke
yells drunk you
you want to run your catastor and your
formula Synchron suka black rose dragon
is an obvious choice yeah thing with
Stardust and you can even hit the
shooting star bucks for this deck
seriously yes would you suggest running
that do you run that in Game I do run it
in my means like that is locally yeah to
really do keep it clean of storms what
does only know that guy does whenever
one sir that summoned it's not a plant
yeah it burns a thousand life points
from the player something oh my gosh so
I think it varies use it very last play
that against wind-up oh yeah and a few
thousand do anything another great card
all right now is miracle fertilizer yeah
okay because it's robe when this part
special someones from the graveyard a
plant-type monster mm-hmm if you use
that monster is XYZ material like saying
going into to hear right it does not
count as leaving the field so you keep
your miracle for guys Wow and relays
this as many times as you want oh okay
not per turn but once per turn right
right right so that's amazed that you
sent us to the graveyard stay room with
your turn yeah and you can use this the
next current in you you can just keep
doing wow that's really good so you're
running this on your side you're not
going to maine
getting that in my side yeah okay so
they're equal I might build the deck
Iran that eventually but that'd be sick
I'm worried more about three ms keys and
heavy storm in the format so yeah that's
a good point yeah will you use this
card's effect you can normal summon for
the tourney okay so it so could mess you
up as far as that goes but still you get
that on the field you can be make a play
with that that's pretty devastating for
sure but uh okay so i think that's it
anything else yeah plant deck with Evan
thanks buddy yes alright see you guys